Fisheries_App
=============

AFRICA PROGRESS PANEL

The Africa Progress Panel (APP) consists of ten distinguished individuals from the private and public sector who advocate for equitable and sustainable development for Africa. Mr Kofi Annan, former Secretary-General of the United Nations and Nobel laureate, chairs the APP and is closely involved in its day-to-day work.
Through life experiences of Panel members inform a formidable capability to access a wide cross-section of society including at the highest levels in Africa and across the globe. As a result, the Panel functions in a unique policy space with the ability to target decision-making audiences, including African and other world leaders, heads of state, leaders of industry, plus a broad range of stakeholders at the global, regional, and national levels through facilitating coalition building to leverage and broker knowledge, and convene decision-makers to influence policy and create change for Africa. The Panel has extensive networks of policy analysts across Africa. By bringing together experts with a focus on Africa, the APP contributes to generating evidence-based policies.



MY FISH-APP REPORT

In its function, The Africa Progress Panel undertakes comprehensive research, surveys and multi-sector consultations with an array of stakeholders across Africa and Development Partners, a model that results in an annual publication of a report such as The Africa Progress Report 2013 which helped frame top-level discussions around the extractives industry in Africa. Africa’s oil, gas, and mining sectors offer tremendous opportunity to improve the lives of millions of people, but – despite the high growth – the benefits of this natural resource wealth has not reached nearly enough people.
 The APP’s contributions and subsequent policy developments, most of which are highlighted in subsequent reports, drive civic awareness and it’s imperative that all African get involved in order to advance real socio-economic transformation on the continent. The rapidly changing economic outlook of Africa, as demonstrated in the mobile technology bust, is further reflected in the increased access to mobile technology across Africa, hence the introduction of MY FISH, a mobile Application to bring you all APP content; Africa Progress Reports, Surveys, Industry information and a platform for engagement/discussion between users on policy, markets, practices and challenges in the various sectors. Tailored on this year’s Africa Progress Report 2014 on Agriculture and Fisheries, the Application is woven around 10 major features; Policy, Learnings, Challenges, Markets, Storage, & Transportation, Fisheries and Gender equality, Piracy, Welfare/Social Investment, Landing Sites and General fishing methodologies. The report takes a hard look at the risks and opportunities facing Africa. It asks what governments across the region need to do if they are to convert a decade of growth into transformative development. Agriculture is at the heart of the answer to the question that we pose. Yet, Africa still lacks viable ways of channeling much-needed capital to the millions of dynamic entrepreneurs with viable business ideas in sectors such as farming, coastal fishing, aquaculture and agro-processing.
For Africa, let’s engage! #MYFISH 
